Remove Quarto website (#63)
posit-dev/connect-extensions: CONTRIBUTING.md

Below is an example of the additional details that need to be manually added
to the `manifest.json`:

```json
// manifest.json

{

>   ...

Reviewer: nit: observed we don't seem to be consistent with ellipsis use in the code blocks. There are only ellipsis before the code here, but both before and after in the next manifest code block, etc.

Author: Good callout. I made it more consistent in https://github.com/posit-dev/connect-extensions/pull/63/commits/13c72478a8530e773c534d5e079ed9ccc6353768

"Simple content" refers to content that can be bundled into a TAR file without
any additional steps. Most content will fall into this category.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: This doesn't preview properly in VS Code, at least on my end. Though the markdown seems correct.

<img width="1518" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fc9cd075-83d1-426d-8caf-3550b07f805d" />

Author: Yeah this is part of GitHub's specific flavor of Markdown. I believe the VS Code preview is a narrower markdown syntax.

tab for a Pull Request and then click on the Extension Workflow run and the 
summary will be displayed below the workflow graph.

> It will either say one of the follow based on the `version` in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will say one of the following based on the `version` in the
```

Author: Jeez I had a few flubs in here. Thank you for catching them.
